Huh
boots
Well Hello
8 Well finally
It will be a regular video post from this time after the venue is over
That's right this time
I think whether I will raise the pack many times and how many
I Nde What if things had come
I want to open that one
th
Do not disturb
The angle is a little different
It is this time is an auction
Yes you do you go in it
eh
Voltech kong oops
Poop
Do not smoke
Blue tech kong
One Kana to N super roar to intimidate
Chain lost super
Hideaki of self- performing is super
Mai' good misunderstanding of aid meeting
The moon of the moon is
Dead
This burial is the best of use
Wreck the Snowman Eater
Said grave keeper of the Scout is like
Super year
The condition of my throat is a bit strange, so everything is super
Yes
Champion pack
It is after turbo pack
It becomes a good card
It was easy for me
Entered wonder if not it does not card to 1000 yen
I'm banned from English
There are more people released
Right
There is one more thing here
So Tsu Do you times
Well hey it is a guy you thick
You have
Four
there were
Day
I will
That yes not Eee
We are here waiting said
I will
8 word Championship 2012
Well what
I wonder if it will be a dragon view of the faction
Though I'm around here Hen details are not sure
What guy that loses first sleeve to the bottom Ne'
I tried to buy
Especially
I did not want it
In terms of color, I think that there was something hummer
I tried to buy
Music car windows do not talk in detail
It should have resulted in some limitation
Or whether not it mon shop
Say is quite a large number softening
It is an image
Because it was cheap sister friend Daewoo
And Tsu true or Colleton
Yes
Well , I think it will be 100 pieces I think I can introduce
eh
Well then this is up to here
Yeah it is the next time
Neylist Alliance did not reach you
I asked for it, but it has not come yet
In that
As we bought memory of duelist king while we introduced this one
Well I think I would like to give opening video if I come to Duelist Arai
Well then